what is up guys my name is slaw chasm
today I have a ninety six and seven
gameplay playing some domination on the
map interchange along with day to minute
and thirty seven second assault Moab so
it was a pretty good gameplay and
probably one of my best to date honestly
and you know for the first 20 or 30
seconds of this game i was actually away
from my controller i wasn't playing so
you know i always think to myself after
his game i was thinking had i been here
for those extra 20 30 seconds what i've
gotten those extra four kills to push me
over the edge and get me that hundred
kill game that i've been striving for
and while you know it does disappoint me
that I didn't get the hundred kill game
this is a pretty good gameplay
nonetheless I am still happy about it is
my first assault Moab along with my
fastest assault Moab of course gonna be
your fastest if it's your first but yeah
so you know I was kind of thinking had I
been here what I've gotten those
actually for killed but you really can't
tell based on that because you know had
I actually been here for that time then
you don't know what position that would
be on the map for the rest of the game
or you know when I actually did come
back and did get those kills that you
saw at the beginning which pretty much
got me a really early pave low and
pretty much just set the pace for the
rest of the game i want to say because
you know give me that momentum and that
confidence to pull off what I did here
so it's a pretty good gameplay and the
class that I'm running is pretty much
one of the only classes that I run now
when I do run assault and that is the
ACR look at this look at this I kill
this guy kill his friend and I kill this
guy as he responds from his tack oh look
at that another attack it's like
christmas is just presents over and over
I love people to use tactical insertions
honestly like if you're going to use
them at least put them a little bit away
from the action you don't want to use it
like right next to a flag but yeah cuz
you just got to give people like me free
kills so the class setup that I'm using
is the ACR with silencer attachment as
well as the extended mags attachment
with the two attachment proficiency the
silencer keeps you off the radar which
is pretty obvious and the extended mags
attachment allows you to kill multiple
enemies without having to reload which
is a really big deal when playing ground
war which is what I'm playing here and
you know it just allows you to take out
multiple enemies
once and that's really awesome really
big benefit big advantage to you and on
top of that does give you a couple extra
rounds of ammo which is really awesome
as well and I am running scavenger just
to increase my ammo capacity even
further which is really good because
when you do go for those higher score
games those higher kill games like i was
doing here you definitely are gonna need
some ammo and you're not going to be
dying a lot you know when i go for these
higher score games i like to play
defensive play smart play it slow and
this basically means that you're gonna
run out of ammo so scavenger extended
mags helped you out there you're running
over scavenger pacsun i was running over
them you know a lot of this game there
were a few points that even with
extended mags and scavenger I did run
out of bamboo but yeah that just shows
how necessary it is when going for those
higher kill games so yeah I find that's
a big necessity in hardline is my second
perk and pretty much you know on these
higher kill games you get probably going
to end up with a bunch of a system that
new stack up which is it really helps
you you know eaten even not for the main
benefit of the perk if you're just using
it for the secondary benefit even it is
pretty good and it can get you those few
extra kill that you need maybe for that
extra pave low or whatever the next kill
streak is and you said and stalker I
love running stalker when using assault
rifles it sounds kind of weird but it
allows you to be prepared for the
enemies by you'll be able to aim down
sight around corners a lot more often
then if you didn't have stalker because
it's really you know no downside to
aiming down slide around corners when
you have stalker because you move around
the corner pretty much the same speed as
you would walking you know almost same
speed and it's a really good benefit
overall and this is my salt molap streak
that you're seeing right here like i
said it's two minutes and 37 seconds
which is pretty good in my opinion
especially for my first assault Moab and
basically what had happened was you know
I build up a pavelow and to be honest I
wasn't even thinking about the assault
Moab I it was not a thought in my head
basically I was just trying to stay
alive you know be prepared for the
enemies take them out and play it smart
and just do as good as I can basically
and obviously paid off so
see you got that pave low right here and
i know i have a general sense of where
the enemies are coming from luckily i
run to this tack insert guy thank you
tag and sir guy this is better than
christmas but yeah i don't know how i
miss that guy that would I just passed
but luckily he ramp has been to so uh
yeah basically I was just trying to stay
alive build on my streak and get to my
second pave low which I inevitably did
and you know I'm starting to get closer
to that assault mode but like I said it
didn't really cross my mind that all the
this entire game until I actually got it
and it's pretty funny how it's played
out because there were you know few
games previously not necessarily this
day but I have played games where I've
gotten like a 23 assault Moab streak and
just because I had a feeling that was
close to the assault Moab I kind of you
know playing completely different made
some stupid mistakes and I kind of
panicked and choked a little bit so in
this game I guess because the assault
model Moab wasn't even a thought that I
actually you know I just kept playing
the way I was playing the rest of the
game and it paid off when you worked
pretty well so that's you know something
that i can set suggest you but I know
it's easier said than done you know if
you are on the street like this if
you're getting close to a MOAB or just
any streak in general don't panic try to
play how you were for the rest of the
game because if you did you build up a
street this far then you probably were
playing pretty well so just continue
what you were doing don't change your
play style try to remain calm and I know
you know look at this right here this is
probably the funniest part in the game I
was actually one away from a pret
missile along with an assault Moab but I
didn't know I was one away from the
assault Moab so thinking that I just got
the predator missile I was about to hide
in that corner to call it in real quick
but I accidentally called in the Moab
that I caught by accident so never heard
of somebody getting moab by accident
before but this is a first for me and I
think the first on youtube and you see I
pretty much just failed with my
prednisolone ammo obviously you wipes
the enemy team and with spawn protection
in this game any explosive killstreaks
such as a pred missile isn't going to be
able to kill the enemy within the first
i think five or six seconds of them
spawning don't pull me on the time
think it's around there so you
definitely want to wait at least that
you know that much for the enemy to
actually spawn and get rid of that spawn
spawn protection so you know had I play
that little bit smarter I might have
been able to get those extra four kills
that I needed or you know even just a
couple extra kills which would have held
me in the long run regardless of the
number just try not to make the same
mistake that I did and yeah so at this
point I know that I'm only one away from
yet another pave low so I'm just trying
to play smart aim down sight around
corners with this mp9 that i luckily
found off the ground after running out
of ammo and I was able to get that pave
low and call it in real quick I know
there's not much time left pretty much
from the scrambling for those last few
kills at this point hoping that I run
into you know some random quad group of
enemies that are spinning around in
circles right here right next to me but
unfortunately I don't get it still a
pretty good game played nonetheless I
hope you enjoyed the video Thanks watch
and leave me some feedback in the
comments below that's about it